Update the docs for tfstack config output blocks (#36339)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/stacks/reference/tfstack.mdx

| Field | Description | Type | Required |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
| `description` | A human-friendly description for the output. | string | Optional |

> | `type` | The type of the output. | type constraint | Required |

Reviewer: I'm assuming the types are the same as for input variables? Also, for input variables I used "string" as the type, but I'm not in love with it. How do you feel?
```suggestion
| `type` | A type constraint for the output's value. Can be string, number, bool, list, map, set, tuple, or object. | string | Required |
```

Author: 🤔 I think "string" isn't right, because... Well, lemme run a check real fast. 

Yeah, sure enough: 

![Untitled](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74ea1c5b-2f47-4cd6-9289-381aa97d7e11)

Using a string will in fact explode. 

_Types_ are a dedicated syntax — we settled on ["type constraints"](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/type-constraints) as the name of them in the language (as a compromise of some kind; I can't remember the full details) back in 2019 or so. And that type field needs to use that syntax, not a string.

Reviewer: Oh _dang_ I appreciate you doing a demo! Type constraints makes sense to me - after you merge this in,  I'll make a separate PR to align on using the same language elsewhere in this file and any others it pops up in.

Author: awesome, thank u!

Author: Oh, but could I get a re-checkmark tho? 😅 I invalidated the approval by merging your other suggestion

Reviewer: That new rule is so silly - done!

| `value` | The value to output. | any | Required |

> | `sensitive` | Whether to hide the output in UI. | bool | Optional |

Reviewer: Suggestion align with variable description above:
```suggestion
| `sensitive` | Marks the variable as sensitive, which prevents its value from being displayed in logs or in the HCP Terraform UI.  | bool | Optional |
```
